O José are here in Barra Senai
I would like to have you as
which was the publication of a way or
three-phase alternating current of six
accounts with the past were joking
a command in swu increase on the 26th with
fashion
we will not do is the first
right to command the minor with
space in a phase and I'll release my foot
to discuss teacher at the exit of the
real is playing in my future s10
He left the buttonhole 0 at the entrance and so on
table row output because
I fed the input and output connection
first part
now I'm going to feed MTC
enter the 21 contact close the output of the
Signal Paying 1
the flight
to vote for 43 open
the exit is the 44th the signalman
the Gadotti is a movie is good
and the other phase
I'm going to play 97 open contact until
exit 98 move reception is
I need to play another phase in which
signalers will not work the line t3
close the stage was a mall here was
the first part of the project from
command
now it will be part of the force that is
making engine is a six engine
very simple closing accounts of one
2014 French
of three per subject is made we have here is
just close my three points
the new son
only
which calls the phase in which the entrance to the end
new year
come in there
it became l2
almost 13
I'm going to feed the engine one phase now.
I have plenty
in the phase
Luís
at this stage and 3
but not to stay connected directly
make a contact from your to hold the
contracture
This new call here, thank you and good
Part is on itapuu
the detained that then not to stay everything
always with the action of the agent waiting there
I'll make a contact, your login
It would be annoying 3ds contact in 13 edital
from 4s unites 14
such a case is counted everything
not connected to the running O2 where
she is running
his current and the maximum 8 with 85 more
It will not come to this.
well this was the video explaining with
you
just to be worse it is already punishable
f10 will turn off if you want to play again and
A hero who was the video there goes to
guys there he learns is a game now
It's me
It's true the camera is capable